14-in gaming laptops are the new hotness
and this right here just might be the
best one this is the HP Omen transcend
14 and it's oh not how I thought the box
was going to open and it's got
headphones in the Box here we've got the
hyperx cloud 3s and there's actually an
integrated wireless dongle inside of the
omen transcend 14 so these right here
you can pair without having to put in a
stupid little take up your USB type A or
anything like that that said though this
is an optional extra okay laptop can go
over here it in here
oh plug in the laptop hit the power
button you're good to
go for the charger we get this 140 W
brick and it is delivering that power
over USB type-c which I really
appreciate although I also would
appreciate if this was just a little bit
smaller this is a really heavy Breck all
right let's have a look at the main
event here ooh
now this does come in both black and
white and I would really recommend the
white one just because look at this look
at that
wow they're using the same coating that
Razer has meaning that it's just oh my
God you touch this thing just for a
second and it looks gnarly all right
3.68 lb not too bad or 1.67 kg what is
quite decent for a 14-in gaming laptop
is the I/O on the right here we have two
USB type A's to make sure that the wire
always hits your mouse if you're using a
wired one on the back we have a USB
type-c that has display out and power
delivery and HDMI 2.1 that's wired
directly to your dedicated graphics card
for extra fpss on the left we have a
single Thunderbolt 4 and a headphone
microphone combo Jack one thing I am
noticing here is they have a lot of heat
sink in the back of this it isn't quite
like some of those Asus ones that go all
the way across but it goes pretty much
all the way
across I do have to say this is quite a
good looking little laptop it's made out
of all aluminum on the chassis it is
very very solid I can really Reef on it
right here display oh also very so whole
laptop's walking instead of that bending
it does really have that r laser blade
look although I'm not 100% if I'm sold
on the look of the keyboard This has
sort of a toy like experience especially
once we turn it on but overall I do
think they have done a really good job
let's do every laptop Maker's favorite
test or I just push on the laptop really
hard it's it's a little bit soft there
on the left of the trackpad that's
that's actually quite a bit of
deflection it doesn't really matter
there keyboard though really stable
everything around the keyboard excellent
there's almost no space between these
Keys which makes it really nice and
smooth you just run your finger across
it just like your balls with our sponsor
thanks to manscape for sponsoring this
video if you're feeling a little
overgrown trim your Hedges the manly way
with manscapes lawnmower 5.0 Ultra it's
trimmer blade and foil blade are
interchangeable letting you choose from
buzzcut bald to Jeff bezos's
bald and to navigate through those more
voluminous spots the lawn mower 5.0
Ultra even comes with an Al L light so
you can see right through the Shrubbery
it's also portable and charges
conveniently with a USB type-c cable
meaning you can whack weeds anywhere you
want to go check out the lawnmower 5.0
Ultra at manscape.com shortcircuit and
use code circuit for 20% off and free
shipping looking at the specs we have
quite a quick little machine on our
hands so for processing that is handled
by an Intel Core Ultra 7 155h that is
six performance cores eight efficiency
cores and two low power efficiency cores
for memory we have 16 GB of ddr5 running
at
7467 megga transfers per second so that
is wicked fast and also means you
definitely cannot upgrade it for an SSD
we have a 1 TB Joey from WD Intel WiFi 7
love to see that npu because everybody
needs Ai and an RTX 4060 now this does
come with up to a 4070 and there's a
4050 available as well and I am a little
bit sad that they didn't give us the
4070 model so that we could really
Apples to Apples compare it with the G14
that we have here so maybe in the future
we'll look at those side by side but for
now we cannot verify hp's claims that
this is the best cooled 14-in gaming
laptop what we can verify though is that
this screen is sick top down it doesn't
look nearly as good as it does with my
eyeball I am seeing a lot of glare too I
can really see my shirt which is
surprising cuz it's also very bright
this thing right here goes up to 650
nits and that is full screen window
brightness which is just incredible I
say this every time that we have OLED in
here OLED just looks really freaking
good and this is no exception it also
goes up to 120 htz and down to 48
although sadly it does not have g-sync
it's just doing power saving with
dropping the frame rates it's not
actually making your games nice and
smooth like you would get on the G14 now
our Labs did test this display and it's
a little bit interesting we weren't able
to find any color profiles for it so by
default everything in SDR is pretty
oversaturated as it just kind of moves
out into the much larger color space
that this thing is able to produce but
that said if you just whacker into HDR
and windows it's great even in SDR
content the accuracy is way better when
you have Windows and HDR and your HDR
content is some of the most accurate we
have ever seen on a laptop what might be
my least favorite part of this laptop
though is the keyboard which is very
unfortunate not because it's bad it's
actually absolutely fantastic we'll get
said that in a sec but it looks
stupid I I I shouldn't say that I
shouldn't say that it looks kind of like
a toy I thought this was like a $800
laptop and then I actually felt it I was
like oh wow that's aluminum those keys
are great has an OLED screen oh this is
actually really nice it's just
unfortunate that that very first thing
that you see are these Jelly Bean
looking things the good news is though
it's fantastic to type
on it's not my favorite keyboard that
I've ever typed on before a gaming
laptop it is excellently tuned you can
be wicked fast on these Keys cuz they
have a nice low actuation force and you
can just absolutely
rip for Pure typing I would give it a
very solid a and when you factor in that
this is a gaming laptop the lightness of
those keys brings it also well it's
still an A but I really really like it
the trackpad that's below it is also
fantastic it's sort of just a trackpad
there's nothing standout about it but at
the same time it hasn't annoyed me at at
all the tracking is accurate has a nice
satisfying click here even if it isn't
like a new Force touch fancy thing it
does the job before we start gaming I
just want to do my PSA of turn off
enhanced Point Precision it makes you
worse at gaming this right here the 4060
clearly is not the most powerful thing
that we have ever had in this office but
at the same time it's doing a pretty
decent job this laptop is nice and quiet
we're able to get 77 FPS in cyber Punk
113 in F1 2023 and 58 in Total War
Warhammer now it is too bad that we
aren't able to really compare this cuz
this has the 4060 and our other laptops
of similar size have 407s but at the
same time seems pretty good
overall all
right the whole laptop's vibrating it's
kind of
[Applause]
fun that's pretty solid it gets pretty
nice and low I can hear the highs and
the mids and the bass all at the same
time which is kind of rare on a laptop
this seems really quite
excellent Omen transcend
then all right
yeah macbook's way better that's not
surprising the macbook's really good if
they had a touchcreen on this I would
recommend it over all of the other
gaming laptops but what I can recommend
though look at that contrast
ratio freaking OLED love it the webcam
on here is 2.1 megapixels 1080P and also
has Windows hello up in there so you can
log in with just your face and my face
looks really red on this actually and
now blown out it's not super well
exposed for it looks sharp and I look
very shiny I am completely blown out
here and I don't think that my face
looks like that at all of course we do
have Windows Studio Effects in here
because AI so we can blur the background
we can have it so I'm always making eye
contact with you even though I'm
actually not and we can do automatic
framing so I can go over here and maybe
it yeah it zooms in on me just like that
so you can see oh wow the colors look
kind of correct way over here for some
reason okay it seems like it might just
really struggle with that light no I'm
out of the light and I still look like a
tomato just dark
four Phillips head screws later and we
can get in and see that absolutely
massive Vapor chamber it's still kind of
warm they call this The Omen Tempest
cooling go and it uh has a fair bit of
dust in here actually given how long
this thing has existed look at that I
guess it's fine because it's gasketed so
it's just staying in here instead of
going all through your device like it
probably would otherwise in here we do
have an SSD that is removable and
according to C
31415 he has commented that many times
seeing if I can fit a double-sided SSD
in there and so let's try it out H okay
okay I guess this is a good test because
that's what it should be doing just flat
like that and then if we take our
double-sided SSD Chuck it in here Eco
boing not ideal but if you really want
to force it you can all right buddy was
correct I'll leave this SS here try it
in the future now besides the SSD you
can upgrade nothing the Wi-Fi card
unaccessible Ram not accessible what is
great in here though is the battery in
our Labs testing we able to get 10 hours
and 2 minutes out of this thing which is
absolutely fantastic on a gaming laptop
like this especially one with an OLED
screen that is that beautiful now if you
do fully load it you can get just under
an hour of battery life but you probably
aren't doing combuster all day so if you
have a laptop that you want to just do
all of your gaming and going to school
it's nice and light keyboard's great
screen's fantastic this is a really good
jack of all trades 14-in laptop and what
is also pretty good is the price the one
that we got right here that came with
the
headphones these guys right here is
$1,889 although if you don't want the
headphones included this will be $6 $100
it also has been going on sale already
so maybe you can get a good little deal
on it so overall HP Omen transcend 14 I
think it's an absolutely fantastic
laptop it is going to struggle a little
bit differentiating itself from the
competition but at the same time it's
pretty freaking good if you get one but
of course it's not as good as you my
dear viewers hit like get subscribed and
just have a great old day I'll see you
later